Scoring rules.

There are three types of words
1) Highlighted words
2) Hidden words
3) Regular words (on the actual cross word grid).

There are two types of hints:
Long press on a square reveals the square letter
Short press on a square shows definition.

A word base score is
(Number of letters hidden)*N // Make numbers a bit higher N should be 2 or 3.

For words of type 1)
Get an x3 multiplier. (Called Highlight Multiplier or Ms)

For words of type 2
Get an x2 multiplier  (Called Hidden Multiplier or Mh)

For words of type 3
Get a multiplier. x3 (Called No hint Multiplier or Mn)

Hints decrease the multiplier value.
Requesting a letter for the word sets Mn to 1.
Requesting a definition for the word sets Mn to 2.

Some definitions.
1) Hidden words: Words that can be formed with the letter but are not on the grid.

2) Highlighted words: Words that are on the grid, have not been discovered yet. The game will highlight a single square (can be an intersection square thereby creating TWO highlighted words). Once the square is filled (By getting the word right), the highlight moves on to another random empty square. Revealing the letter in the square does not affect anything other than Mn penlization

Some rules.
-> Mn is the only multiplier that is penalized.
-> Mn cannot go back up and is per word.
-> If a hint is used on square shared by two words, both words get the penilization
-> Asking for definition AFTER having revelaed a letter has no effect.

So highlight word logic.
We can still keep the highlight word list.

-> However the square is not the first, but rahter the first square with a hidden TILE.
-> When a word is found we must
   a) Check if the found word CONTAINS the highlight tile.
   b) If it does we have a multiplier and then:
      b1) If it IS the hilighted word. We move on to the next word.
      b2) If it IS NOT the highlighted word, we remove the word for the highlight list, but the highlighted word remains the same.
   c) We return the highlighted word BUT we must AGAIN select a hightlight square UNLESS the current highlight square is still HIDDEN.

